sprint_time_log.md, before:

# CSE 310 - Sprint Time Log

Name: Rhett Poole

Sprint #: 04

## Instructions

Record all CSE 310 work that you do either inside class or outside of class.  Include time learning, practicing, developing, testing, and documenting.  It is important to update this log every day.

For the Category column, record one of the following:
* IM - You are working on your Individual Module (Don't include Planning Meeting in class)
* TP - You are working on your Team Project (include Team Project Work Days)
* MTG - You are in one of the following class meetings: Planning, Stand-Up, Team Review, or Individual Review

The expected minimum amount of time each Sprint for each category is as follows:

|Categroy                       |Total Time (Hours:Minutes)|
|-------------------------------|:------------------------:|
|IM - Individual Module         |          10:00           |
|TP - Team Project              |           4:00           |
|MTG - Class Meetings           |           4:00           |
|**TOTAL**                      |        **18:00**         |

## Time Log

|Date      |Start Time|Category|Description                                 |Total Minutes|
|----------|----------|:------:|--------------------------------------------|:-----------:|
|6.9.25    |9:30AM    |IM      |Create Project Plan, Collect Resources      |0:45HR-      |
|6.9.25    |2:00PM    |MTG     |Attend Planning Meeting                     |1:00HR       |
|6.11.25   |8:45AM    |TP      |Add logout functionality to Brokemeals      |2:00HR       |
|6.13.25   |2:00AM    |MTG     |Attend Stand-up meeting                     |1:00HR       |
|6.16.25   |2:00PM    |TP      |Attend Group Work Meeting                   |1:00HR       |
|6.16.25   |3:30PM    |IM      |Read and learn about Ngrok                  |0:30HR-      |
|6.17.25   |8:45PM    |IM      |Install and test ngrok                      |0:50HR-      |
|6.18.25   |9:00AM    |IM      |Study Retool, learn how to implement API    |2:15HR-      |
|6.18.25   |1:20PM    |IM      |Having an issue tying data components       |0:20HR       |
                                     - together, studying components                     
|6.18.25   |2:00PM    |MTG     |Attend Team Review Meeting                  |1:00HR         |
|          |          |        |                                            |             |
|          |          |        |                                            |             |



## Sprint Totals

|Categroy                       |Total Time (Hours:Minutes)|
|-------------------------------|:------------------------:|
|IM - Individual Module         |                          |
|TP - Team Project              |                          |
|MTG - Class Meetings           |                          |
|**TOTAL**                      |                          |

Commit message:

Confirgured  many new items for searching for appliances. Made AI model mage, organized file structure. Styled pages.

sprint_time_log.md, after:

# CSE 310 - Sprint Time Log

Name: Rhett Poole

Sprint #: 04

## Instructions

Record all CSE 310 work that you do either inside class or outside of class.  Include time learning, practicing, developing, testing, and documenting.  It is important to update this log every day.

For the Category column, record one of the following:
* IM - You are working on your Individual Module (Don't include Planning Meeting in class)
* TP - You are working on your Team Project (include Team Project Work Days)
* MTG - You are in one of the following class meetings: Planning, Stand-Up, Team Review, or Individual Review

The expected minimum amount of time each Sprint for each category is as follows:

|Categroy                       |Total Time (Hours:Minutes)|
|-------------------------------|:------------------------:|
|IM - Individual Module         |          10:00           |
|TP - Team Project              |           4:00           |
|MTG - Class Meetings           |           4:00           |
|**TOTAL**                      |        **18:00**         |

## Time Log

|Date      |Start Time|Category|Description                                 |Total Minutes|
|----------|----------|:------:|--------------------------------------------|:-----------:|
|6.9.25    |9:30AM    |IM      |Create Project Plan, Collect Resources      |0:45HR-      |
|6.9.25    |2:00PM    |MTG     |Attend Planning Meeting                     |1:00HR       |
|6.11.25   |8:45AM    |TP      |Add logout functionality to Brokemeals      |2:00HR       |
|6.13.25   |2:00AM    |MTG     |Attend Stand-up meeting                     |1:00HR       |
|6.16.25   |2:00PM    |TP      |Attend Group Work Meeting                   |1:00HR       |
|6.16.25   |3:30PM    |IM      |Read and learn about Ngrok                  |0:30HR-      |
|6.17.25   |8:45PM    |IM      |Install and test ngrok                      |0:50HR-      |
|6.18.25   |9:00AM    |IM      |Study Retool, learn how to implement API    |2:15HR-      |
|6.18.25   |1:20PM    |IM      |Having an issue tying data components       |0:20HR       |
                                     - together, studying components                     
|6.18.25   |2:00PM    |MTG     |Attend Team Review Meeting                  |1:00HR       |
|6.18.25   |3:10PM    |IM      |Found new component to use for connecting data |0:57HR-      |
|6.18.25   |6:00PM    |IM      |Configure AI model page                     |0:45HR-      |
|6.18.25   |8:00PM    |IM      |Styled pages with new color scheme and logo |1:15HR-      |
|6.18.25   |6:00PM    |IM      |                                            |             |



## Sprint Totals

|Categroy                       |Total Time (Hours:Minutes)|
|-------------------------------|:------------------------:|
|IM - Individual Module         |                          |
|TP - Team Project              |                          |
|MTG - Class Meetings           |                          |
|**TOTAL**                      |                          |
